Question 1. Who developed Python Programming Language?
Ans. Python was invented by "Guido Van Rossum" in 1989

Question 2. Whcih type of Programming does Python support?
Ans. Python support mutiple programming paradigms which includes Procedural(structured)
programming as its built on C and also fully support OOPs and some functional programming supports

Question 3. Is Python case Sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Ans. Yes, as Python is a case sensitive language it treats "name" and "Name" both as seperate and same applies to identifiers also. 

Question 4. What is the correct extension of the Python file?
Ans. " .py "

Question 5. Is Python code compliled or Interpreted?
Ans. Python is interpreted Language which means the code first Interpreted which then executed (with the help) on Python virtual machine

Question 6. Name a few blocks of code used to define in Python language?
Ans. (confused about this as we have to add any code block like "for Loop" or similar code block or class or function block
[
  for i in range(1,10,2):
    for j in range(10,i,-2):
        print(" ",end = "")
    print("*"*i)     
]
Question 7. State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?
Ans. To gave single Line comment in python we Generally used [#] #hash to comment single line of code

Question 8. Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
Ans. "Import sys 
      sys.version" we can use this code to find version in IDE we are using if we are in command prompt
      we can use simply "python --v"

Question 9. Python supports the creation of anonymous functions at runtime, using a contructor called......
Ans. Lamdba function are generally used to use single line function in our code without creating any funtion
but return single output means they have some limitation over normal major benefits of these are when we don't function
more than once we prefer lambda function

Question 10. What does PIP stands for in Python? 
Ans PIP stands for Preferred Installer Program which generally used in command prompt to install update or delete on library or version of Python


Question 11. Mention a few built-in function in Python?
Ans. Some Inbuilt Functions are : 
      isUpper()  isalnum()  int()   str()   type()    len()

Question 12. What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in Python?
Ans. Maximum allowed length for an identifier is 79 character in python

Question 13. What are the benefits of using Python?
Ans. Here are some key benefits of python : 
Huge Library and community 
Open-source and Widely used
Famous for it capability in deep learning , machine learning , Artificial Inteligence 
Intuitive and easy to learn
Syntax quite similar to English language

Question 14. How is memory managed in Python?
Ans. Python manage its memory dynamically dynamically means in other programming language we have to state
how much memory generally a variable or object can max hold but that's not the case in Python we just initiate 
python object rest all will be handled by python itself it dynamically allot memory according to object features 

Question 15. How to install Python on Windows and set Path Variables?
Ans. So if we don't want python to install throught any IDE we can simple follow below steps:
 1. Search for "Download Python"
 2. Choose the first link and download latest version if not latest we can choose including the system we want to install
 3. after downloading install it to desired path and just follow the instruction 
 4. After installation complete now we have to set path variable
 5 To set path first open Python folder where it installed(C://Python310)
 6 Copy this path and Open "Edit the system environment variable" by search on system or
 Right click on My Computer>Properties>> Advance System Setting>> Environment variable>>
 7 Now on Environment Variable box we have two opton either 
 set Python Path for User only or at whole System (if you go for system be carefull as one wrong move might affect working 
 of system)
 7 find "path" in click edit>> new >> path Python folder path here 
 
 now check this by opening cmd and type "python --version" if it works then fine else need to fix the issue check internet and find where did we go wrong
 
Question 16. Is identation required in Python?
Ans. In Python to enter any block of code Identation is must as in Python many times braces or bracket doesn't required
like in other programming so to let machine know that we are entering in this block we generally provide identation 
which generally dont by TAB button
